README.md, before:

# Overview

We use Ansible running in a Docker container to build the Conjur CE AMI. The `Jenkinsfile` describes the build pipeline.

In it, `build.sh` first builds a docker image that can run Ansible. This image is also configured so it can talk to AWS and CoreOS.

Next, it creates a container from that image, configured through environment variables set by summon.

The container uses `run-ansible.sh` to run the Ansible playbook main.yml.

The playbook starts by creating a CoreOS EC2 instance.

Then, on the instance, Ansible tasks

* Pull the Conjur CE image from quay.io
* Pull the Conjur cli5 image from DockerHub
* Install a systemd description of the Conjur service, as well as a couple of scripts that will configure it when a Conjur CE instance is launched.
* Mark the Conjur service as disabled
* Create an AMI from the EC2 instance
* Terminates the EC2 intance

## Contributing

We welcome contributions of all kinds to this repository. For instructions on how to get started and descriptions of our development workflows, please see our [contributing
guide][contrib].

[contrib]: https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-aws/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

Add notice to README about project unavailability

README.md, after:

# Overview
----
**NOTICE**: This project is currently unusable, and there are no AMIs available for recent
releases of Conjur OSS. Please consider other [deployment methods](https://docs.conjur.org/Latest/en/Content/OSS/Installation/Install_methods.htm).
----

We use Ansible running in a Docker container to build the Conjur CE AMI. The `Jenkinsfile` describes the build pipeline.

In it, `build.sh` first builds a docker image that can run Ansible. This image is also configured so it can talk to AWS and CoreOS.

Next, it creates a container from that image, configured through environment variables set by summon.

The container uses `run-ansible.sh` to run the Ansible playbook main.yml.

The playbook starts by creating a CoreOS EC2 instance.

Then, on the instance, Ansible tasks

* Pull the Conjur CE image from quay.io
* Pull the Conjur cli5 image from DockerHub
* Install a systemd description of the Conjur service, as well as a couple of scripts that will configure it when a Conjur CE instance is launched.
* Mark the Conjur service as disabled
* Create an AMI from the EC2 instance
* Terminates the EC2 intance

## Contributing

We welcome contributions of all kinds to this repository. For instructions on how to get started and descriptions of our development workflows, please see our [contributing
guide][contrib].

[contrib]: https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-aws/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
